README.md, before:

# my-codex-cli-config

これはCodex CLIのAGENTS.mdファイルを管理するリポジトリ。

## 構成

- agents.xml: AGENTS.mdファイルの実態。`~/.codex/AGENTS.md`のシンボリックリンク。
- Makefile: シンボリックリンクの作成と削除を簡単に実行するためのコマンドを実装。

## 使い方

`~/.condex/AGENTS.md`のシンボリックリンクをangets.xmlに貼る。

```sh
cd my-codex-cli-config
make codex-link
```

シンボリックリンクを解除したい場合は下記のコマンドを実行する。

```sh
make codex-unlink
```

## AGENTS.mdの中身をxmlとして定義する理由

[GPT-5 for Coding Cheatsheet(PDF)](https://cdn.openai.com/API/docs/gpt-5-for-coding-cheatsheet.pdf)によると、XMLライクなタグでセクションを区切る書き方が推奨されているから。

上記OpenAIのチートシートで“XML-like syntax to help structure instructions”とはっきり書かれており、実例が掲載されている。

このリポジトリにあるagents.xmlの内容は、このチートシートを参考に作成した。

## 参考URL

- [GPT-5 for Coding Cheatsheet(PDF)](https://cdn.openai.com/API/docs/gpt-5-for-coding-cheatsheet.pdf)
- [GTP-5 prompting guide](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/gpt-5/gpt-5_prompting_guide)

Commit message:

Make English README default; add language badges
Rename Japanese README to README.ja.md and add badges linking between English and Japanese.

README.md, after:

[![English](https://img.shields.io/badge/lang-English-blue)](README.md) [![日本語](https://img.shields.io/badge/lang-日本語-orange)](README.ja.md)

# my-codex-cli-config

This repository manages my AGENTS.md file for Codex CLI.

## Structure

- agents.xml: The actual content backing `AGENTS.md`. Create a symlink from `~/.codex/AGENTS.md` to this file.
- Makefile: Provides commands to create and remove the symlink.

## Usage

Create a symlink from `~/.codex/AGENTS.md` to `agents.xml`:

```sh
cd my-codex-cli-config
make codex-link
```

To remove the symlink:

```sh
make codex-unlink
```

## Why define AGENTS.md in XML

According to the GPT-5 for Coding Cheatsheet (PDF), using XML-like tags to structure instructions is recommended. The cheatsheet clearly states “XML-like syntax to help structure instructions” and provides concrete examples.

The `agents.xml` in this repository was authored with that cheatsheet as a reference.

## References

- [GPT-5 for Coding Cheatsheet (PDF)](https://cdn.openai.com/API/docs/gpt-5-for-coding-cheatsheet.pdf)
- [GPT-5 prompting guide](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/gpt-5/gpt-5_prompting_guide)
